The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said on Monday about 71.1 million people have received at least one dose of a Covid-19 vaccine, including about 38.3 million people who have been fully vaccinated by Johnson & Johnson’s single-dose vaccine or the two-dose series made by Pfizer-BioNTech and Moderna. The work to distribute the vaccine comes as more than 534,000 people in the United States have died after contracting the virus. Providers are administering about 2.43 million doses per day on average. Figures show the date shots were reported, rather than the date shots were given. The C.D.C. typically reports data as of 6 a.m. each day. On Saturday, the C.D.C. reported about 4.6 million new doses administered, including about 1.6 million doses that were reported after the 6 a.m. cutoff, resulting in a visible spike in the chart below. President Biden has promised to administer 100 million vaccines by his 100th day in office. He set a goal shortly after taking office for the United States to administer more than 1.5 million doses a day, despite criticism that it was not ambitious enough. Federal regulators have given emergency approval to vaccines developed by Pfizer-BioNTech and Moderna. Both of those vaccines require patients to receive two doses spaced weeks apart. Regulators authorized Johnson & Johnson’s one-dose vaccine on Feb. 27. The federal government has delivered about 135.8 million doses to states, territories and federal agencies. Some experts have estimated that 70 to 90 percent of the population needs to acquire resistance to the coronavirus to reach herd immunity, when transmission of the virus substantially slows because enough people have been protected through infection or vaccination. A number of factors will determine how quickly this threshold is met, especially the pace at which newly vaccinated people join those who are immune after past infections. But the presence of more transmissible virus variants could complicate that progress. The projection below only shows the share of the total population with at least one shot based on the current rate of vaccination, but it provides a rough indication of when the virus’s spread could begin to stall. If the country maintains its current pace of vaccinating people, about half of the total population would be at least partially vaccinated around mid-May, and nearly all around early August, assuming supply pledges are met and vaccines are eventually available to children. How Is Each State Performing? Some jurisdictions have been more efficient than others at administering their doses from the federal government. The table below includes states, territories, federal agencies and three countries with special agreements with the United States: Palau, Micronesia and the Marshall Islands. The C.D.C. is now including the Johnson & Johnson vaccine in its data. People receiving this single-shot vaccine are counted as those with “at least one dose” and those “fully vaccinated.” There are many reasons for variation among the states and territories, including demand for the vaccine, lags in data reporting and other logistical challenges. Mr. Biden recently announced plans to expand supply and to give states more advance notice about the number of shots available to them each week. Who Is Eligible for a Vaccine? Health care workers and residents of long-term care facilities have been eligible for vaccination in every state for weeks. The federal government recently recommended that states allow people 65 and older to get vaccinated. But states create and implement their own plans, and sometimes counties deviate from those plans, leading to a national patchwork of policies. The New York Times regularly surveys all 50 states and has found that every state has begun widely giving shots to older people, though age ranges differ from place to place. Alaska recently became the first state to open up its eligibility to everyone 16 years and older statewide. The Times tracks statewide rules, and adds county-level discrepancies as that information arises. The table below, which will be updated regularly but may lag slightly, shows who is eligible for vaccination in each state, in addition to health care workers and long-term care residents. In many instances, people may be eligible for a vaccine but unable to make an appointment And some counties may delay or pause eligibility for certain groups even after a state expands access. Some state or local governments have imposed additional restrictions on eligibility for certain groups of workers. For example, in Kansas, U.S. Postal Service workers are eligible for the vaccine if they regularly need to be in high-risk settings to perform their duties. The Times regularly tracks statewide eligibility based on age, occupation and underlying health conditions, and notes states where that information is known to vary by county. Mr. Biden recently announced that a federal pharmacy program would begin prioritizing pre-kindergarten through 12th grade educators and staff, as well as childcare workers. People in this group have access to vaccines in every state. But even as states have expanded eligibility, demand has outstripped supply and appointments remain hard to come by. Every state except Montana has expanded its occupation-based vaccination program to include some non-medical workers, beyond teachers, such as bus drivers or police officers, who are at risk of being exposed to the virus on the job. The lists of which professions are eligible vary widely by state. At least 27 states and Washington, D.C., are allowing some grocery store workers to get shots. Data on vaccines delivered and administered comes from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which updates data daily. The federal data may differ from that reported by states and territories, which may post on different schedules. Providers have 72 hours to report doses administered and it can take additional time for jurisdictions and the C.D.C. to receive this information. The C.D.C. notes that total doses administered are based on the location where the vaccine was given, and that in limited cases, people might get a vaccine outside of their place of residency. As of Feb. 23, the C.D.C. reports the number of people receiving one or more doses based on where individuals reside. On Feb. 19, the C.D.C. began including shots given by the federal agencies in each state’s count. Doses delivered to federal agencies were added to state totals on Feb. 20. Some states, including Alaska, North Dakota and Utah, are supposed to receive supplements for tribal governments that have elected to receive their vaccines through the state, rather than through the federal Indian Health Service. In addition to delivering vaccines to states, territories and some federal agencies, the C.D.C. also distributes doses to three small countries that have special agreements with the U.S. government: Palau, Micronesia and the Marshall Islands. The C.D.C. also reports state-level data on the number of shots administered to people in nursing homes and long-term-care centers.